Fix aarch64 debug build with GCC (#136990)
pytorch/pytorch: CMakeLists.txt

  append_cxx_flag_if_supported("-Wno-unused-but-set-variable" CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS)
  append_cxx_flag_if_supported("-Wno-maybe-uninitialized" CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS)
  append_cxx_flag_if_supported("-fstandalone-debug" CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG)

>   if(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES Debug)
>     if(CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR MATCHES "aarch64" AND CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID MATCHES "GNU")
>       message(STATUS "Applying -Og optimization for aarch64 GCC debug build")
>       string(APPEND CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -Og")
>       string(APPEND CMAKE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -Og")
>     else()
>       string(APPEND CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -O0")
>       string(APPEND CMAKE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -O0")
>     endif()
>   endif()

Reviewer: Let's flip the ifdef, to only warn if CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE is debug (and also, let's make it a warning) 
```suggestion
  if(CMAKE_SYSTEM_PROCESSOR MATCHES "aarch64" AND CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID MATCHES "GNU")
    if(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES Debug)
      message(Warning "Applying -Og optimization for aarch64 GCC debug build to workaround ICE")
    endif()
    string(APPEND CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -Og")
    string(APPEND CMAKE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -Og")
  else()
    string(APPEND CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -O0")
    string(APPEND CMAKE_LINKER_FLAGS_DEBUG " -fno-omit-frame-pointer -O0")
  endif()
```
